Document how we plan to use the two pots of money (#186)
jupyter-governance/ec-team-compass: docs/accounts.md

2. Under the Action Center block, click the meeting name (don't click "join")
3. In the popup with meeting info, you will be able to see the Host Key as one of fields
4. In Zoom, open the participant view, click "Claim Host", and enter the host key

(plausible)=
## Plausible

> We use [Plausible](https://plausible.io/) to track web traffic across Jupyter sites (`docs.jupyter.org`, `jupyter.org`, `mybinder.org`, `nbviewer.org`, and others), so that the EC can make decisions with real usage data. The [jupyter.org dashboard](https://plausible.io/jupyter.org/) is public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Plausible](https://plausible.io/) to track web traffic across Jupyter sites so the EC can make decisions with real usage data.
* [jupyter.org stats](https://plausible.io/jupyter.org) (including many subdomains)
* [nbviewer.org stats](https://plausible.io/nbviewer.org)
* [mybinder.org stats](https://plausible.io/mybinder.org)
* [jupyterlab.readthedocs.io stats](https://plausible.io/jupyterlab.readthedocs.io)
* [ipywidgets.readthedocs.io stats](https://plausible.io/ipywidgets.readthedocs.io)
* [ipython.org stats](https://plausible.io/ipython.org)
* [jupyterlite.readthedocs.io stats](https://plausible.io/jupyterlite.readthedocs.io)
* [mybinder.readthedocs.io stats](https://plausible.io/mybinder.readthedocs.io)
```
